Hello {Stakeholder},

My name is Juan Duran, I am with the Analytics team here at Fetch.
I been assigned with the task to create the ETL process for the Fetch data that is been delivered via JSON extracts. 
This data will be used to build up our analytics reporting to answer ongoing question regarding our program. 
While working with the data a few question have come up that I hope you can help me with.

1.    Users File
      1.   Based on the initial conversation, the userID in the user file should be unique, 
           but while running some unit test, we have found that the column _id does has duplications. 
           This can be a problem as it may lead to inflation of metrics when joining with other data. 
     
      2.   Is a unique UserID in the user file still the expected behavior? 
2.   Missing Values:
      1.   While doing validation on our data structures and uniqueness of different columns, 
           we have found that multiply attributes in the structure rewardsReceiptItemList in the receipt 	file  are empty. 
           This has cause some issues when trying to report as we are unable to accuracy query the data structure. 
      
      2.   What is the business rules for the rewardsReceiptItemList data structure? Is this behavior expected?
            
            1.   If not, do we need to communicate with the teams handling the data capture to 
                 address any concurs regarding our data integrity based on our customer point of contact?
3.  Missmatch or invalid Values:
     1.   We are seen unique column association between the different files not match up. 
             1.   As an example, we are seen UserID in the receipt file that are not part of the user file.
     2. 	We are also seen a lot of test values still part of the files.
     	       1.   Do we need to remove the test values from our side? Or are these expected to be 			       
                  dropped as we continue with the program?

I would love for us to get together to go over the current data we have available, 
Getting some more insights for my team will help us understand the data and the 
different business rules we should account for in our logic.

Thank you for time and support, looking forward to working with you!

Best Regards,
Juan Duran
